How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Diff compares the two versions of the file and outputs 
the differences in the two versions. So, we need to 
find our bug in those output lines of code only.
So it will become easy for us in finding the bug.
So this file comparison tools like diff are useful for code debugging.


How could having easy access to entire history of the file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
If i have access to all the previous versions of the
file then i can easily spot the bug, if any, in
the new versions of the file. And moreover 
i can easily study the development process of 
the code by these previous versions saved.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
pros:
1. saving versions manually gives you flexibility of saving your file.
2. one can save the version whenever there is any logical change.
3. unnecessary or short changes in the versions of your file are not messed up with your commit history.
cons:
1. sometimes we forget to save the versions of the file so that commit will not be saved.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Git is a code oriented version control system. 
And in coding projects we have various files inter-related,
so we need to keep record of these files together, 
while google docs is a text-oriented version control system.
so different files need not to be tracked together.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
I can use the git log command to view the history of 
my commits and thereby, easy debugging. And git diff is 
used to find out which line of the code is changed.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
By using git checkout i can restore any previous version. 
It gives me confidence writing code because if any bug 
that will introduce in the next version can be easily removed.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I will try git for all my new projects. I will use it for my project on Library Database management.
